How long does it take to learn C++?
Depends what you want to do and what you already know.
If you are already a programmer in quite a few languages,
my recommendation is to read the two of C++ second edition.
You can do it in a weekend. Now we have the fundamentals and you have to
do some experimentation and probably dig deeper into the areas you are interested in.
If you want to do anything,
you have to pick up some libraries and learn them.
But we're talking days or weeks.
But that assumes you're programmer.
If I have to explain to you what a linked-list is or what a vector is,
or what a hash table is,
then it takes much longer.
So if you start from the beginning to reach the professional level,
we're talking months and years.
One question I sometime ask is how long does it take to play a violin?
To learn to play a violin?
Well, if nobody's listening, it's easy.
If only our mother has to appreciate it maybe it'll
do fine but otherwise it'll take years.
Now, if you're already a violinist and you want to play a viola,
you can probably do it in a couple of weeks.
Depends what you are,
what your background is,
what you're already knows and then how good do you want to be at it.
If you're thinking about the Lincoln Center,
you better spent years and the equivalent for
a programming language if you want to be the ace program building
the next generation infrastructure or the next absolutely great application,
you better spend some years learning not just the programming language
but your basic computer science and your application areas.